# Articles/posts I've found useful this week

## Framer is Figma for Websites (with React)

I built this Origami website in framer in a couple of hours (Still learning).
I also made code to automatically make page's element have a `hotpink` background. Interesting stuff!

## Content or Data?

When does it make sense to edit something as a page, or as manageable content?
We should have a checklist for that. E.g.:

- Will it appear somewhere else besides a single page (e.g.: properties, team members)
- Is it easier to edit the page, or the item? What will happen more often?
- How easy is it to edit the page? Is it via the page builder, via the "Edit Page" admin page, or somewhere else?

## Popup events to the rescue!

Elementor popup events are really useful. I recently had to use them (again) to set a form field's value whenever its
popup was shown.
I didn't think I needed it but ended up doing so, since a popup's content is removed from the DOM when it hides

The [Elementor Popup API](https://developers.elementor.com/elementor-pro-2-7-popup-events/) is simple, too. I can even
show a demo, if so requested!

## Escaping rich text content might be... easy after all?

Until now, I was using `wp_kses` to filter rich text content.
In fact, I even made an utility function to get the allowed tags
and attributes):

```php
/** Potentially useless? */
function get_tags_for_rich_text() {
	return [
		'br'     => [],
		'p'      => [],
		'b'      => [],
		'h2'     => [],
		'h3'     => [],
		'h4'     => [],
		'small'  => [],
		'div'    => [],
		'span'   => [],
		'ul'     => [],
		'li'     => [],
		'ol'     => [],
		'img'    => [
			'src'    => [],
			'alt'    => [],
			'width'  => [],
			'height' => [],
		],
		'strong' => [
			'style' => [],
		],
		'a'      => [
			'href'   => [],
			'target' => [],
		],
	];
}

/* usage e.g.: */
wp_kses( get_the_content(), get_tags_for_rich_text() );
```

But apparently, there's already a function for
that: [`wp_kses_post`](https://developer.wordpress.org/reference/functions/wp_kses_post/) is made with post content in
mind, and I just happened to stumble upon it!

## What are Google Ads anyway?

I don't know how Google Ads work... maybe I should? I'm not sure!

## When "legacy" works!

Almost a year ago, I made a website with these tools: Bun.js, Typescript, TailwindCSS `wp-now`, ACF. To run the project,
all I had to do was set a version to Wordpress (to not have to upgrade the database) 